HAPPY BIRTHDAY ASKREDDIT!!
Celebrating Ten Years of r/AskReddit
What movie have you rewatched the most?
If someone handed you a box with all the items you had lost in the past what would you be most excited to get back?
Reddit now controls the government. What happens?
What is something you witnessed as a child and didn't realize was really fucked up until you remembered it many years later?
What are some good weird questions to ask someone to get to know them better?
What's a lie that everyone pretends is true?
911 operators of reddit, when we call in, what things should we tell you first?
What's the single most badass scene from a movie or TV series?
The Rock shows up at your door with an overnight bag and says he will be staying with you for the next few nights. How do you react?
What’s the most obviously fake story someone has told you?
If you were task to redesign the human body, What would you want to change?
What kinds of things would an inconvenience store sell?
What’s the most expensive thing you have broken?
Scientists accidentally prove the existence of a god. What do you do now?
Surgeons of Reddit, what’s the funniest or weirdest thing you’ve ever heard a patient say before their anesthesia kicked in?
What industry should we just let die?
What TV series are you into right now?
Whats something really wholesome thats actually quite dark?
What’s the one book that you’ve wanted to read, but haven’t?
What are the best insults or bitchy phrases in "office speak"?
Flight attendants and pilots, what NSFW things occur during your jobs?
What's your darkest desire you never tell anyone about?
Single women of reddit, what is something you wish guys would do when they're interested in you?
What could you say at a drive thru speaker that you couldn’t during a first date?
What song can you put on at a party that everyone will sing along to, no matter what age everyone is or what era the song is from?
What is something you can do to help a depressed friend?
If all 45 presidents fought each other in a free for all death match, which president would win and why?
Your entire family just received a list of every subreddit you're subscribed to, including your alt accounts. Which is the hardest to explain?
What is your most favourite video game?
What movie ending made you say "what the fuck?"
What do you think about at night as you're falling asleep?
What is something you're really good at but not proud of?
What famous person could you see being really terrible at sex?
Humans of Reddit, what is the worst smell you've ever noticed on your body?
What do you judge people for enjoying?
What would be useless if it was/wasn't waterproof?
For those who have worked at a movie theater, what’s the most outrageous thing you’ve ever found while cleaning up after a showing?
What hobby is generally welcoming/accepting to newcomers?
What hobby is generally unwelcoming to newcomers?
What actor has so completely owned a role that you would be disappointed if they turned out different in real life?
What kind of government should we start while the US government is shutdown?
What do people judge you for loving?
What is the worst smell ever?
What single annoyance completely ruins a tv show or movie for you?
What is a dirty business tactic that you know and everyone should be aware of it?
What music video do you think goes best with it's song?
What's the funniest thing someone could say during an orgasm?
What’s a movie series where the sequel is better than the original film?
What is the funniest way to subtly confess to a murder?
What's the strangest nightmare you've had?
What costs way more than it should?
What is your favorite lyric in a song?
What is the fastest you have seen someone get fired?
Today is your last day on earth. Besides my mom, what are you going to do?
What subject is super interesting to you but would be considered amazingly boring by most people?
Students of Reddit, what is the most NSFW thing you've seen at college/university?
What can you say to an angry person that instantly calms them down?
What wholesome/uplifting story do you have to share with the rest of us?
When watching porn, what is an immediate turn-off for you?
How has Social Media changed your life?
What is the most romantic thing someone could say to you?
What is the dumbest thing you've done in the last 24 hours?
You can choose one object in the world to randomly grow 50 times larger. What object would you choose and why?
What trends do you wish didn't die?
What is your strongest irrational fear?
People who do/have done hard drugs, what is one of your horror stories?
What is the best space film ever?
What "cute" thing did your SO do in the beginning of the relationship that you know consider annoying?
Who or what has managed to really piss you off in 2018?
What can someone say that instantly tells you they're a fan of your favorite show?
What are some great products that aren’t made anymore?
Australians of Reddit, What are the most inaccurate stereotypes you have to deal with?
What's your favorite fact?
What is a question to ask that can give you the deepest insights into someone's character?
If you somehow became immortal, what would be your ultimate plan?
What are some things you do “wrong”simply because you hate the correct way to do it?
What are good ways to reset your mood or the "flow" of your day?
What is the most awkward experience of your life?
Death owes a favor and gives you the right to choose how you will die (but you cannot change the date). What do you choose?
Who are the worst kind of people?
What do you do for a living? Do you like it? Why?
What's a food that's considered a delicacy but also way over hyped?
What’s the most backwards, outdated thing that happens at your workplace just because “that’s the way we’ve always done it”?
What is the creepiest or weirdest thing you’ve ever seen?
Where do you find new music?
What villain/hated character was actually justified?
Has anyone here had/have a child that has severely hurt or killed another family member? If so, how did it happen and does that child know what they did ?
What is the one skill that you would want your kids to have when they are adults, even if they weren't great at other things?
What is your all time favorite song?
What is something you don't mind splurging on that other people might find excessive/irrational?
What is the best and/or worst movie released in 2017?
What’s the dumbest rule you’ve been forced to follow?
What's your favorite pizza?
What are the greatest speeches ever given?
how are you today?
What words or phrases have you been overusing lately?
What are you addicted to?
What are you into that none of your friends are into?
What's a perfectly legal dick move in sports and games?
People who conduct interviews for high-end colleges/universities, what do you look for in students to set them apart and send a great review back to the school?
What's the most attractive non-sexual thing you've seen someone do?
What's a stupid thing that makes you mad?
I eat my burger before my fries - what taboos do you challenge on a daily basis?
Identical twins of reddit, what’s your best twin story?
[Serious] Reddit, why do you trust your government to control/govern/regulate so many aspects of your life?
What behavior in children is more a reflection of the parents than the kids?
What discontinued food do you miss?
Without naming your state, how would you describe it so that someone else from your state would recognize it?
What is the weirdest thing your pet does on a regular basis?
What piece of “common knowledge” is simply not true?
Whats your favorite sports car?
What’s the one name you wouldn’t want to have? Why?
How does the government shut down affect you?
In honor of YouTube changing it's monetization requirements, what is the best channel on YouTube with under 1000 subscribers?
If Grand Theft Auto made a game set in your town, what would it be like?
Americans of Reddit - with the gov't shut down, what are you doing with your first official day of anarchy?
Americans, how has living with Donald Trump at the president for the last year affected you?
What is the boldest sexual advance you 've made at someone and how did it work out ?
What is the best zombie video game?
What’s the point of continuing to live if the things that make you happy never last?
How do you go from inbox to in person when dealing with online dating app?
You are asked to design the most assholish restaurant. What are some nonsensical, arbitrary, or just mean rules/policies that will piss off customers?
Government employees of Reddit, how has the Govt. shutdown impacted your day?
what are some songs or pictures to calm a anxious mind?
What was your close encounter with a dangerous wild animal?
People with 9-5 office jobs: What do you actually do all day?
Most dogs are scared of vacuums. What other random thing is your dog scared of?
What is one song you think everybody should give a listen to?
People browsing by new, what can you share to entertain other people browsing by new?
[Serious] Conspiracy Theorists/Scientists/etc of Reddit, what technological breakthroughs do you suspect already exist, but are kept secret?
[Serious] People who have lost someone, what’s the hardest thing about grief?
What is something that happened in real life that would make you say "That's bad writing" if it happened in fiction?
What is your go to excuse when you want to get out of going to an event?
What is the most odd or surprising thing you witnessed when staying over at a friend's house as a kid?
What is your favorite horror movie ?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What sounded like a total lie but turned out to be completely true?
Which TV series have you rewatched the most?
What is the most addictive snack?
If there was a safe and cheaply and easily reversible method of temporarily sterilizing men or women, to what extent would people accept and undergo it in order to prevent unwanted pregnancies? To what extent would religious groups accept it and parents do it to their children?
What are you no longer emotionally involved with?
What’s a short story you’d highly recommend?
Teachers of Reddit, what story can you tell us about your most misbehaved student?
[Serious] Ladies of reddit, what is the most basic form of sexual objectification/Harrassment you have faced in everyday life? Something the guys might not even realise is bad?
What videogame do you recommend playing?
How important is it for you that your best friend has the same political views as you?
What gives you your will to live?
Truckers of Reddit, what kind of crazy shit do you see in cars from your vantage point?
If head and shoulders made a product called “knees and toes,” what would it do?
Is having a child an acheivement? Why or why not?
With all the talk going around about Oprah's potential bid for the presidency, which celebrity would you put in the Oval Office if you HAD to choose?
What film you otherwise love was completely ruined for you by one moment?
What's the most memorable thing that happened in your Dungeons and Dragons sessions?
What is the one food that you absolutely hate but everyone else seems to love it?
What song helped you through a struggle?
What is the craziest thing you have done in Las Vegas?
What is the best Simpson's scene?
What combination of body and voice would be most hilarious (e.g. Michael Clark Duncan opening his mouth and sounding like Michael Cera, or vice versa)?
How is the best grilled cheese in the world made?
What’s your “Only once in a Lifetime” moment?
If you had to choose the way you die what would you pick?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
How would you defeat the evil version of yourself?
What's the dumbest tech-related question you have received from your relatives?
People who have worked on film and tv sets, what's your behind the scenes story?
What weird thing do you do that you want confirmed other people do too?
How can one sleep with socks on!?
What are some interesting instagram accounts to follow?
What is your go to take out food when you don't want pizza?
How did you get back into reading books after a long hiatus?
Fit people of Reddit, how do you do it?
What would be your course of action in the case of a shooting at your school, place of employment or any other public place?
[Serious] Parents: How possible is it to still feel unconditional love for your child in the hypothetical event your child turned into a serial killer or mass murderer?
You have ONE hour to get Reddit Gold but you can't buy it for yourself. How do you do it?
Who was the best president?
If you believe in a God why do you? and what are the reasons you have?
There's a party and all subreddits are invited. What is each one doing?
How often are you opposed to the popular, stronger upvoted comment in a two-sided argument on Reddit?
If you had zero empathy, what would you do different?
What product, appliance or gadget did you curse for years for being badly designed before realising that you’d been using it wrong, all this time?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
What's the best story told through a song?
What's a very simple idea/concept that a lot of people have difficulty grasping?
What was your brush with death?
People who have used sensory deprivation tanks, what was your experience?
What is your favourite video game voice line?
What would you actually like to see being sold from ice cream-style trucks rolling through your neighborhood?
[NSFW] When did your childhood curiosity go to far?
What things that we do/use today will be seen as ridiculous and incredibly primitive 100 years from now?
What was great about the decade when you were in your teens?
News Anchors of Reddit, what's the most annoying thing you had to deal with while live on air?
You are in a game show and get caught cheating. How do you talk your way out the situation?
What everyday action would look crazy without the associated object?
What are some ways to improve your health that most people aren't doing right now?
What's your worst roommate expierence?
What's quickly becoming an obsession for you?
People who cut me off in traffic, why are you the spawn of Satan?
Why do non-white Americans always get asked where they are from like they are not from America?
In what way it is still OK to differentiate treatment between man and woman? Is there any context left where gender matters in a good way?
What simple lie that you told someone has snowballed over the years?
What common practice will be looked down on a hundred years from now?
Mental hospital workers of Reddit, what's the craziest thing you've ever seen/heard at work?
Which movies/tv shows are you convinced exist in the same universe because of shared actors?
What fictional character would you most want to do an AMA and what would you ask them?
What's the reason you use to behave the way you do?
What hobby is genrally unwelcoming to new comers?
What awkward moments you have been through while communicating other people ?
If you could take over as U.S president tomorrow what changes would you make?
What were you so wrong about?
What was the reason you left your last significant other?
What show has the best intro?
What is something that is an honest 10/10?
To quote Elizabeth Taylor "Success is a great deodorant." Redditors who have redeemed themselves after a terrible setback, how did you do it?
What is the creepiest thing you have ever done?
Why were TV shows so cheesy in the 90s but darker now?
What's a remedy for when you're sick that sounds crazy but actually works?
What do you find difficult to talk about with your SO/parents?
What fetish are you too worried to tell your SO about?
What countries out there aren't complete clusterfucks?
What's the worst food you've ever had?
When was the last time you were happy? Not a "hey, I pretty content with life type of happy", but a yell "I love this life!" At the sky sort of happy?
[Serious] Redditors who've made it through serious shitstorms in life, what helped you keep going through it all?
If you had your own sound-proofed room, what unusual thing would you use it for?
What is one thing that a person could do to lose your trust?
People who work with dead bodies, what's something we really don't want to know about what you do?
Each country has its own movie genre that describes the country, what would your country's genre be?
If someone created a game based off of your life, what would the title be? What would it be about?
What technology could be introduced to a specific sport to improve it?
What is the best character development arc in a TV series?
What should all college students know before starting a career?
What part of your culture makes you cringe?
911 operators, why on earth are there so many of you on Reddit?
Can you succeed in college or University anymore without owning a computer? Can you explain how you did it or saw it done?
What's the best parenting you've seen?
Restaurant managers of Reddit. Why do you never refuse service to mean/rude customers even when you see them be horrible to your employees?
What do you tell yourself to keep motivated on days when you just don't feel doing anything?
Cannabis users: How often and how many grams a day do you smoke and what benefits do you get from it, other than the obvious high?
When and why did you give up on following your dream?
If you could control the weather, what would you do?
If the government shutdown continues what would it mean for everyone employed by the government? Would military employees be required to continue working? What about USPS employees or other federal government agencies? What would happen with all the bills people have to pay i.e. rent, car, debt?
911 operators of reddit, what kinds of 911 calls do you secretly find boring?
What did you learn as an adult from your childhood that shocked you?
What was your go to sick day home from school tv show?
Reddit, how are you spending your Saturday?
What's the most dangerous thing you do on a daily basis?
People who had roommates or have them currently, what's your horror stories?
What made you decide to stop drinking?
What sites, writer or publication do you disagree with but still follow and read?
Retired software engineers of Reddit, what are the things that are unnecessarily complicated in modern software development?
What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?
What is the "The whole point of golf is to play the least amount of golf" of other things?
What’s a body part that you wouldn’t mind losing?
People who heckle at comedy shows, why?
What are some things you should always buy off-brand?
How did you get rid of toxic people in your life and how did you deal with all the hassle and drama afterwards?
What are some random funny questions to get a conversation going with the boys?
When putting on your shoes, do you sock sock shoe shoe? Or sock shoe sock shoe?
What are the best books to read to learn a new skill?
What is the weirdest conversation you ever had with a stranger?
What’s the best advice no one follows?
What is your favorite documentary?
How did your best or worst Valentine’s Day go? [Serious]
Which opposites attract eachother?
Who is your favorite game show host and why?
Well-meaning aliens remove all tobacco and tobacco products tomorrow morning. What will the world be like by 6:00pm?
What do you do when you're bored on a train?
What are your 3 most favourite movies?
Who is the person you hate most at work?
If the United States was throwing a house party and the States are people, what is your state doing at the party?
What is the purpose of the toilet lids that have the gap in the front of it?
[Serious]What is the fastest way a stranger can earn your respect and friendship?
College students/professors of Reddit, what’s the best part about returning to school after break?
In what movies were the sex scenes actually important or necessary for the plot?
If Reddit is throwing a potluck, and the subreddits are people, what does each subreddit bring to eat?
What's holding you back from doing what you want to do?
We all get songs stuck in our heads, but right now, what song is that for you?
What is one thing everyone should own but most people do not?
What's a role you want to see an actor/actress perform that they haven't played yet?
What’s something in today’s society that will be obsolete in < 50 years?
What’s something you wish you could stop thinking about but can’t?
Women of Reddit, why have you "ghosted" a guy you've talked to?
What are some do’s and don’ts when it comes to learning a new language?
When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?
What non-food or sexual things do you find yourself craving for?
What are the best gifts to give a father for his birthday?
What would be the consequences of taking a bath in Mountain Dew?
Ladies from reddit; What are the types of conversation starters you would like to hear from a guy that approaches you (bar scenario) ?
What is the funniest or most interesting alternative to war that countries could settle their differences with?
What are some of the healthiest foods you can eat?
What are some tips for C grade students?
What are your fast food horror stories?
Brains on autopilot, what is the stupidest thing you've ever done?
Americans of Reddit, where are some places to go/visit in the USA that aren't very well known?
How do you avoid taking it personally when someone angrily talks to you like you're stupid or annoying for no apparent reason?
An Olympic-size swimming pool is filled with the last thing you bought. What’s in the pool?
People from a poor background who became rich, how did it happen and what changes did you notice from yourself/the people around you?
What hobby would you like to see more people practising?
What is your favorite twist on a popular joke?
[Serious] Hotties of Reddit, when did you discover that you were hot and how did it affect your personality?
Did you choose your dream career or the safe but boring career? What made up your mind, and would you recommend?
What was your life-changing epiphany, and how did it come about?
What would you do if you had one chance to go back in time for 5 mins, but couldn't affect the moment in any way, just watch?
What are your go-to thing to do when your bored?
What’s the most bored you’ve ever been?
Why are you mad?
What subreddit is the best to recover from an eyesore?
What is the trait you like least in the friends you like most?
What microscopic being scares you the most when seen?
What makes you go: “Oh shit, I’m really getting old” ?
How would you feel if i answered askreddit questions live on my youtube?
What's the best story told through a song?
What was your second most favorite thing this month?
What is your favorite game?
Whats a sentence or a phrase that would ruin your day?
What movie have you only watched once because you loved it so much you don't want to risk liking it less the second time?
Hey redditors, what is something you’ve been continuously lying to someone about, and why?
What is the coolest thing you've gotten for free?
What's the worst phone/tablet battery you've ever had?
How can a 16 year old be his best self?
What is the worst lyric you've ever heard in a song?
What have you always been good at?
Former "smelly kids", what's your story?
[Serious] do you believe in the afterlife and if so what do you think will happen?
What show that's not very popular has the best theme song?
Redditors in Middle America, how strange or weird is your small town?
Atheists: what's the best example of a time you felt it necessary to pretend you were religious?
Programmers of reddit, what's the most recent thing you've programmed?
Its almost been 1 month into the year, what has been the best thing about 2018 so far?
What things will you never apologize for?
To the people working in retail: what kind of customer do you like the most?
If you could bankrupt one company/organization/person, who would it be?
What is the straightest thing that you've ever done?
What helps you to achieve maximum productivity?
Which r/AskReddit post has been slightly altered and reposted the most?
What is an answer for anyone who hasn't arguments to defend himself?
What are some asinine, annoying or shitty human-body design flaws?
What is the most interesting rivalry in history?
If architects “remade” buildings the way that directors remake movies what building would you be most excited to see?
People of reddit who are taking/have taken antidepressants, what were you on and what was your experience?
Fellow foodies, what are some little known cultural dishes?
What would you like to brag about?
Girls of Reddit. What is the one thing you wish guys knew about your period?
What over-the-top things have you done in hopes to try to impress someone of the opposite sex?
What's the most incredible lie you have ever told that actually worked out just fine?
Guys and Gals which is the best opening guitar riff in any rock song classic or contemporary?
What’s something you wouldn’t hesitate to do even if it cost your life?
What is something you still have that should have been replaced years ago?
Which movie do you regret watching?
How long to hear back from Interview if successful or not?
Kids who have had to go to school without socks, whats your story?
What's your favourite style of eggs to eat?
What's the best and easiest way to learn something?
What are you telling yourself you'll do eventually, but haven't found the motivation or the time up until now?
Redditors, How do You manage Your passwords ?
What are some things people forget to clean?
Can anyone describe what New Coke tasted like, from experience?
What’s the worst thing a close friend has done to you?
What are some fun websites that not many people know about?
People who didn't quite get the haircut they were hoping for, how did you go about living your life?
What is the first thing you think about when you wake up in the morning?
What food/meal is impossible to eat in public with dignity?
who should be awarded the punchable face of the year?
If you were president of the US, what would you do?
What screams “I’m rich but quite subtle about it”?
What's your favorite smell?
[Serious] Emergency Personnel of Reddit, what are some of your "Welfare Check" horror stories?
How did cable companies come to control the internet?
You're about to give a surprise lecture to millions all over the world about the one thing you're an expert in. What do you talk about for the next 30 minutes?
What factors create a good work environment?
What is a documentary you've watched recently that blew your mind?
Who did you want to thank, but never got the opportunity to do so?
What’s the best line in any rap song you’ve heard?
What are your top 3 favorite podcasts?
[SERIOUS] Who was the most influential person in history?
What is the best thing about being in a relationship, aside from sex?
What was the most brazen display of greed you ever witnessed?
Why would bad cholesterol increase and good cholesterol lower when switching to a clean, healthy unprocessed food diet?
What famous person do you hate, even though you’ve never met them? Why?
What food makes you feel stonger?
What is a government shutdown, and should we pay closer attention to it?
If you were the first person to step foot on Mars, what would be your first words on the red planet?
Who is the most overrated musician or band of the last 50 years?
What subreddit do you wish was still active?
What are some of your reoccurring dreams?
What book would be the hardest to adapt into a film?
What is a must have in your car?
Whats your favorite football player?
Redditors who have participated on an episode of any home renovation/makeover show, how was the experience/outcome?
How do you usually keep from going crazy?
What non-mainstream superpower would you like to have?
What is the most useful skill you have?
What’s the first fact that pops into your head?
Investors of Reddit, how did you start investing and what resources and tips would you recommend to beginners?
What is the best advice you could give to someone in their early twenties?
What's the best Donald Trump joke you have heard?
What is the single best directed scene in movies or TV ever (not necessarily the best acting - rather the best scene in overall cinematic excellence)?
What movies or TV shows would be vastly improved if you replaced the lead actor with Jeff Goldblum?
What are some weird yet oddly satisfying gifts you would love to receive?
What's the last time you changed your mind about and important issue? How did it turn out?
Scientists experimenting on their new discoveries announce they have accidentally killed God. How will you react?
What is the best thing that’s happened at a concert you’ve been to?
What one thing do you fear more than anything else?
90's kids of reddit, what did you love most about growing up in the 90's?
What odd things do you actually find peaceful?
If every subreddit was in a Hunger Games style battle to the death, who would win? What kind of alliances would be formed? What would happen overall?
Good morning, Reddit. What are some ladies' names with too many variants?
Are you still close with your childhood best friend? Why has it lasted, or why did it end?
What's the dumbest/weirdest misconception people have about relationships?
How severe is it if a child doesn't start speaking until he his 3 years old?
What is a hobby you do, but barely enjoy it?
Whats the most awkward moment you've ever had in class?
What tradition just needs to go ahead and die?
[Serious]In your opinion, who was the most important US President of all, and what did they do?
Confident Redditor, how do you manage to get out of your confort zone ?
Redditors who regret learning to play a musical instrument, why?
[Serious] Current/former heroin users of Reddit, were you aware how addictive heroin was before you tried it? If so, what made you try it anyway?
[Serious]Redditors who love their SO, but can't stand his/her family, how did you cope?
What's a skill that looks impressive but is actually relatively easy to learn?
If you could bankrupt any person, country, company or organization...who would it be and why?
What's your favorite modern-day example of natural selection at work?
How will the government shutdown affect you?
What's the most interesting/weird things you have found while renovating a house?
What is your "so worth it" moment?
Whats your favorite sports game?
What was your worst experience with customer service?
If you got to give one piece of advice to your teenage self, what would it be?
redditors who have a 5 year or 10 year plan, what was your plan 5 years ago and where are you at with your plan now?
Which subreddit have you found to be the most generous with upvotes? The least?
What movie have touched your mind most?
What is the craziest thing you overheard people say in public?
What would you be during medieval times?
If you could choose three books that if you touched you would instantly memorize 100% of its contents, what would they be?
What is the best indie game you ever played?
What mischief can bring chaos into a supermarket?
What is surprisingly edible?
What would be the worst superpower?
What's the worst trip you've ever had?
What's the funniest "I'm sweating like a..." that you've ever heard?
Searching for ways to sharpen my persuasive writing skills. How can one come across as persuasive but not overly biased/partisan?
What would be a really strange place to put an urn?
How do you motivate yourself to get on out there and live life?
To those who make films, games, anime, cartoons, TV shows, etc. How do you feel about people who never watch the credits?
If you could go and do anything you wanted right now, with no fear of consequences, what would it be?
People who work or have worked in retail or any service industry, what are your biggest pet peeves with customers?
Redditors of Reddit, with the recent advancements in technology and based on the direction we are going with it, what do you believe is better and why, technology or magic?
Redditors who've been on the deep web, how'd you escape from the spider?
When was the first time you noticed someone close to you is having dementia?
What's the most accurate insult someone has made about you?
What are some song lyrics that can be taken out of context?
You find an art gallery containing many warp paintings, all representing events from your life, from small events to major events, which painting do you go in first?
What are some of your favourite witty comebacks?
Which poem couldn't you get our of your head after reading it?
People who regret getting into the military, what made you change your mind?
What is something you’re certain you’ll never experience?
What’s the most energetic dog breed?
What did you want to try just once that wasn’t worth it at all?
What is that one thing we often ignore but shouldn't?
What random "tradition" do you have for everyday life?
What is the best example of a bug that became a feature?
What is the greatest lie you heard from a kid who always lied to you while you were a kid?
What are some good askreddit threads to binge on?
If you where able to stop time, what wholesome acts would you accomplish besides fighting crime?
What's your biggest insecurity?
[NSFW] What is your guilty pleasure?
When you have a person in your life who hates on nearly everything, what does it to you, psychologically?
Which products do you think beat the original intent and excelled at an unintended/unexpected one?
Whats the wierdest thing you've ever accidentally snuck through airport security?
What are your favorite YouTube channels that have less than 100k subs?
What opportunity is there for product designers to impact the way the pharmaceutical industry functions?
Ever dated more than one woman at once? What was it like?
What's one hygiene tip that changed your life?
What is the nicest/coolest/most interesting thing that you have passed up credit for in favor of someone else?
What do most people lie to themselves about?
What is an alternative item that works just as well as the normal thing but people look at you funny when you tell them about it?
What is your most cringeworthy memory involving yourself?
What’s the most fucked up thing you’ve ever done to a stranger?
Streamers and Vloggers who yell in the microphone like it's your normal voice; Why?
What was the worst pain you've felt and how much was it /10?
Why are illuminati tattoos popular with hipsters nowadays?
What is an interesting lesser known word you like (and its definition)?
Food industry workers of Reddit, what's the worst thing you've ever seen in a kitchen?
What do you wish people commonly knew more about?
What is something every person should experience at least once in a lifetime?
Retail Employees: Day 1 of employment what benefits (sick, vacation, medical, 401k, etc) does your company give you?
What are the best jobs for introverts?
If you can create a new alliterative name phrase like Negative Nancy, what would it be?
When putting on your shoes, do you sock sock shoe shoe? Or sock shoe sock shoe?
Guys who aren't good at getting girls, who managed to get a girlfriend, how did you get that coveted girlfriend?
Americans, what stereotypes about your nationality are not true?
What is some advice you'd give to someone who is always cold?
Americans of Reddit, how would you feel about adopting a UK-like higher education system with 3 year bachelors degrees instead of 4, and making law and medicine undergrad instead of postgrad degrees, in order to reduce time in school and thus student debt?
A genie grants you 3 wishes but they must not be used for your own benefit/interests. What will you wish for? Why?
What is the worst utensil to eat ice cream with?
How was your first sexual experience?
What are keys to self-discipline?
Uber drivers of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing a passenger has ever said or done during a ride?
What's it like to go from being a top student in high school to an OK student at a top university?
You have now lost the ability to sleep, and you will never get tired. What do you do during the night?
How do you know when you’ve drank enough alcohol?
What is something incredibly petty you wish was illegal?
Rugged folks of the outdoors, what do you drive?
Which concert do you regret not going to the most?
What was the longest two minutes of your life?
If subreddits had their own alcoholic drinks, what would be their names and what would they consist of per sub?
What is your go-to restaurant on an important date?
What art is dying?
People who seat themselves when the sign clearly says "please wait to be seated", what else do you screw up?
What will you not do again?
What podcasts should everyone listen to?
What's the worst workplace accident you've seen or heard about?
What was the most blissful moment in your life?
What conversations have you overheard in a language they assumed you don't know?
What is the most important thing you missed out on because of a spotty internet connection?
What is something you had no use for as a kid, but you use it frequently as an adult?
People who leave their window shades/curtains open in the evening, why? Aren’t you put off by people being able to see your every move, watch your tv, and your being unable to see anything outside?
What are some truly horrendous flavor combinations?
What memory never fails to put a smile on your face?
What’s the most expensive mistake you’ve made?
What's the coolest place in your hometown?
What causes motion sickness and what are some ways you guys know to help reduce it?
What is an appropriate tip amount for a foot massage?
People who try to talk to other people with headphones on, why do you do this?
What is your favorite quote?
What is your favorite food?
What makes you feel creative?
What irritates you most about people?
It’s been one year. What has Trump actually done in that time to Make America Great Again?
What is your favorite soup ?
What are some of the craziest shit that you have done with your friends?
What will people look back on in 100 years and think we were crazy for doing/believing?
What do you put in the blank for "Government's asleep, post _____"?
Time to bring out your throwaways again! What's your life ruining secret?
Pulling an all-nighter to get my sleep pattern on track! What are some good sites to help keep me awake?
What is something you just cannot talk to your S/O about?
What do you do that others may think is a waste of time, but you don’t?
Dog Owners, what does your dog do that makes you love them?
What’s the saddest thing that’s happened to you or you’ve seen happen to someone?
Why did you get sent to ISS(in school suspension)?
Guys, if you hook up with a girl who you believe has given you all the right forms of consent to hook up with her, but then later that girl denies ever having given you such consent, what’s your plan?
What’s something about your significant other’s parents that you’ve had to learn to ignore?
What are your thoughts on moving in with your significant other before you are married?
What is the most frustrating difference between US and UK English to you?
If you could choose to be a new person, by just creating everything about yourself. Who would you be?
What does everyone pretend to like that is actually a pain?
What are some psychological hacks you can use on people?
What seems Satanic but isn't?
What should you not do when meeting your boyfriends parents?
[Serious] What defines friendship for you?
Dear Reddit, what are you looking forward to most in 2018?
What trends do you wish would die?
People who have been hypnotised, did it work? Or is it a load of old rubbish?
Why is it only men being called out for sexual harassment in Hollywood? Do you think that there are actresses that are doing the same to actors?
What 30 seconds of a song make for a great ringtone?
What makes you unique?
What do you think is the best TV show/movie that we probably haven't heard of?
People who work in the adult entertainment industry, what is one of your most interesting moments while at work?
You're kidnapped and your captor will only spare your life if you can make him laugh with one internet video. What video do you show him?
What are some good subreddits to learn basic social skills?
Criminals and Ex-criminals: What have you learned about life that normal people don't get?
Gamers of Reddit, What video game do you love, but can't get your friends to play/play with you?
What is the worst "compliment" you've ever had?
[Serious] What does your version of Heaven look like?
Redditors that have serviced a celebrity in regular day-to-day things, who was it and how did it go?
Have you ever gone to a wedding where someone objected or the wedding was called off? What was it like?
What is something you love about yourself that other people would find strange/odd?
What things from years ago would be immediately seen as creepy or inappropriate today?
What's your least favorite part about Reddit?
What hurts so good ?
If you live with a pet, what's the most annoying thing they do, just because they can?
Who was the evilest person you ever met?
What's the dumbest sounding philosophical question that makes sense once you think about it?
What’s a new technology that not many people are aware of?
What is the best song to wake up to?
What is the most boring thing (to the rest of the world) you get really excited talking about?
[Serious] What does the US government shutdown mean?
What is your pet's weirdest quirk or habit?
What celebrity do you look like?
What accomplishment of yours seemed like nothing in the big picture?
How many other people in the world do you think are looking at Reddit on the toilet right now?
Australians of Reddit, how and why did the word "cunt" become so popular in your country?
Who are some examples of, “hate the artist not the art”?
What makes you completely annoyed while shopping?
Other than browsing Reddit, what is a good way to kill ten minutes?
Redditors who have cheated on a SO, why? When? Do you regret it?
What commercial do you see/hear that just makes you NOT want to purchase the product advertised?
What is your favourite movie quote?
What is your terrible neighbor story?
How many potential civilizations do we destroy each time we clean?
What's a simple fact that it still fascinates you?
What's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket?
What’s a warning sign people tend to ignore but really shouldn’t?
What is the most NSFW dare you've faced in a Truth or Dare game?
What do you like to watch when you're sick?
Former germaphobes of Reddit, how did you ever overcome this phobia?
Housekeeping people, what have you found while cleaning rooms? Did you keep it?
What’s the scariest thing you’ve ever seen on Reddit?
You always hear about a fate worse than death. What is a fate worse than death?
What would you do for $1,000,000?
Who do you resent the most right now and why?
What would be the most over the top way to remove a stump from the ground?
What are some good questions you can ask during your job interview?
What are some of the worst baby names you’ve come across?
Have you ever been forcefully admitted to a psychiatric ward or hospital before? What was that whole experience like?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
What are some questions you would like to know from someone from the papal Swiss guard?
What's the best writing prompt you've heard?
What was the hardest part to realize, and further accept about yourself?
[Serious] Redditors who were lost in life and finally found their purpose/career, what was the moment that made you say "This is what I want to do with the rest of my life"?
What is Reddit Gold?
[Serious] What are you most looking for in the next 24 hours?
Those who grew up with narcissistic/abusive parents, where are you now mentally and what is your current relationship with them like?
What does it mean when the government “shuts down?” And why does it seem to not have any impact on the functions of day to day life?
What is your usual maccas order?
What health-code violation do you routinely commit at work (and regret nothing)?
What are the silliest reasons people have given for breaking up with you?
What is the most underground subreddit on reddit that everyone should sub to?
What’s the most spiteful thing you’ve ever done, or experienced, in a breakup?
What have you always just been naturally good at?
What are some “old wives’ tales” that you may have followed/ believed for too long?
You are suddenly transported back 30 years, to 1988. What do you warn people about?
In honor of putting my dog to sleep this morning, what are your favorite stories with your pets?
What is one inedible object that you would really like to eat?
What simple thing would be enough to make you happy?
What’s the most useless thing you learned in school?
[Serious]What is the point of beauty pageants and what are your opinions on them?
If you traveled back in time and wanted to convince someone you were actually from the future, how would you do it without just sounding like a crazy person?
If your life depended on persuading an entire subway car of passengers to join together in song, which song would you choose and how would you persuade them?
Have you ever taken a photo which resembles an album cover?
What is something that is okay for you to do but you hate when other people do it?
What urban legends turned out to be true?
What would you say to inspire someone who is lazy?
What mundane superpower do you possess which no one knows about?
People who went down YouTube vortexes: What did you originally search for and where did you end up?
What is the most beautiful sounding instrument according to you, other than the voice?
People who have written and published children’s books; how did you get into that and what the process like?
What is your biggest accomplishment?
How would you best describe LSD to someone who's never done it?
People who speak multiple languages, out of the languages you speak what is your favorite and why?
What conflicting or self-defeating things do you do on a daily basis?
What is the biggest threat to a free and open Internet?
If you could domesticate any animal, which would you keep as a pet? What would be it's name?
Who’s the worst coworker you’ve ever had?
How fucked would be the USA, if every other country in the world imposed economic sanctions on USA?
What snack should not exist?
What are some good questions to ask your SO before getting married?
What's the simplest software or hardware you like to use for fun or work?
What is a movie you saw recently that you hadn't seen in years and forgot how great it is?
What are some good techniques to get your posts to blow up?
What’s the best thing you can do for yourself whilst being a third wheel?
What are some fun events your office holds?
What was a major "culture shock" moment you've had in foreign places ?
What is the best song that tells a story?
People who believe in astrology, why?
What's the best outcome you ever got out of acting on your pride?
What is a hobby that you have made into a career that has not lost your passion for it?
What happens when you keep crying?
What are some signs of an abusive relationship that not everyone realises are signs of abuse?
People of Reddit, have any of you ever slept with a milf or just an older person in general, and how'd it happen?
Redditors who got back with their ex, how did it go?
[Serious] What do you do when your friends (offline/online) leaving your life without you noticing?
What would you like to watch/read again for the first time?
What is the best song ever written for a musical?
What's your favorite smell?
What can a layperson do with the internet today that couldn't be done ten years ago?
What is the coolest thing you have ever done?
When in fiction has a character been overreacted to even though they were just standing there and didn't do anything?
What do you openly discuss online, while you would never mention it offline?
Who's the most high-maintenance person in your life?
What are some of your pet peeves?
How often do you dance? How does it affect you?
What’s the worst fashion decision you’ve ever made and when did you realize your mistake?
Whats a common food you have never taste, that most people would find weird?
What has singing done for you?
You find out that every human in the world can become Superman (looks and powers) once in their lifetime for 24 hours. What do you think would happen?
What are your go-to rock songs that lift your spirits?
What interconnection between random things around you have you noticed?
What is the best birthday you ever had and why?
Who is your go-to rap songs that lift your spirits?
What are some kids stories/movies without a happy ending?
People who used Vocational Rehab in the past, what was your experience finding a job through them?
What are some of the best tasting zero/low calorie drinks? Eg those water flavour drops/Coke Zero?
What your story of something you hated but then grew to love?
Who is an annoying character or celeb, that gets a free pass because people think they're attractive?
What’s some good, happier music that doesn’t speak of love, sex, violence or political views so much?
What kind of post always gets your upvote? [Serious]
Anyone watched Transformers: Beast Wars? What are your best memories?
Who was the most interesting person you’ve met in an elevator?
If the Earth is a simulation then what is its purpose?
In all honesty, how many true friends can you say you have?
What are your favourite mysteries that were solved by Reddit?
Parents of Reddit, what does your child do that they don’t think you know about?
What's the saddest movie that does not have animals dying?
If Europe was throwing a house party and the countries are people, what is your country doing at the party?
What book will you never get tired of?
Lawyers of Reddit, whats your most memorable case? And why?
What everyday risk is worth taking a shot?
Guys who have both a wife and a mom, you only have one antivenon and both have been bit. Who do you save?
If you had to use something within your current arm's reach to fight off five very capable and aggressive raccoons who had lethal intent, what would you choose?
Do you believe there is platonic love and romantic love? If so what is the difference?
What topics have nothing to do with politics or religion, but still cause heated disagreements and intense debates?
Reddit, how do you deal with the Anxiety that comes with being on call for work?
Have you ever seen the creepy messed up phenomenon where a person will replace their ex with someone that looks almost exactly alike?
On a scale of morality and scruples, where do you think the majority of people lie?
What is the most beautiful sounding instrument?
What is the worst service you have ever seen at a restaurant?
What are some good apps to use when you are bored of all the social media apps?
If you could switch a character for another from a different fictional world, which would it be?
Government employees of the USA who have been affected by the shutdown, what are your views on who to blame?
What happened to that kid in school dat got someone killed, reddit?
What technology would you expect mankind to have in 100 years time?
How much higher would the President of the United States’ approval rating be if he had never used Twitter?
Redditors who have undergone a sex change, how would you compare the male and female orgasm?
If you could choose to have a summer internship in either NYC, Dallas, or Brussels which would you choose and why?
What's the most annoying circlejerk on reddit?
Travelers, why don't you have TSA PreCheck?
What book have you reread the most?
What is the silliest or most valuable thing that someone has tried to steal from you?
What's an unresolved mystery in your life? Or one that hits close to home?
What was your family’s equivalent of a “poop knife”?
What has someone done on a first date, that instantly ruined their chances of ever getting a second one?
We all know the kid who lied all the time when we were younger, what was the best lie you were told by said child?
Celebrities of reddit, what’s it like being famous?
What do you really suck at?
What movie has the highest rewatch value for you?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to you during sex?
What, to you, makes a song ideal for a road trip? [serious]
Reddit users from non-western world countries, what did reddit taught you about western people and culture?
What did your dumb SO do that made you think less of them?
[Serious]What's your age and how happy are you right now?
What is a true story of a personal experience that absolutley none of us are going to believe?
What is your third favorite candy?
What movie/series character has been unfairly wronged all along?
What do chicken eggs look like in your country?
Women who have both a husband and a father, you've got one antivenon and both have been bit. Who do you save?
If you could intervene during any historic event, changing history, what would it be?
What is something you do to feel less alone?
How do you got tonight in the Heavyweight title and why?
Confident and bold Redditors: who were you unexpectedly shy and nervous around when first meeting?
When and why did 'North' determine the orientation of maps?
What is a stupidly funny quote you have heard?
Generation X'ers when did you become your parents?
Which ‘ratchet’, modern-day hip hop song do you like, especially for it being so ratchet?
What scams in job finding have you heard of?
Brits of Reddit, where are some places to go and visit in the UK that aren't very well known?
What does circumstance of the environment mean?
What's a view you hold that most of reddit likely disagrees with?
You have 1 wish and can wish for anything, what is it?
What's something you do that you know is super inefficient but you keep doing it anyways?
What is the main topic when you and your best friend hang out?
Parents with one kid, why do you spoil them?
You can offer 1 year of your life to forget everything about a series you watched, which one do you choose?
What is the best unintended side-effect of something that you’ve had happen to you or seen?
What is the most heroic thing your parent(s) or parental figure(s) has ever done for you?
What is a sure sign of maturity?
What activities do you and your significant other do together at home for fun?
How come good quality content only gets a few up votes but shitposts get a thousand plus up votes?
Who claim to have seen a ghost?
What have you been dreading?
Celebrating 10 years of AskReddit, what was your favorite AskReddit post?
When is it okay to ask someone in service, be it a dentist, doctor, massage therapist, cashier, for his/her number?
people who have declined a marriage proposal, what was your reasoning?
Guys who have long hair, how did you do it?
What are some complex emotions like "schadenfreude" that are used to describe feelings like the subtle, jealous pain you get from watching kids or young adults recklessly enjoying life while being utterly unconcerned about the inevitable pain of the future?
When will you grow up?
To someone who had a rough childhood, how are you now?
What are some funny and weird ways to start a conversation with someone?
What is your craziest wedding experience?
What are your general steps for coping?
What are some questions you need answers to?
Whats the #1 thing you hate about the opposite sex?
What would BlackPeopleTwitter have looked like in the 90s?
Reddit, which country do you believe will be the global leader or superpower in 2030 and why?
What's your cheap drunk drink?
Officers of Reddit, what are some bribes you have been offered throughout your time serving?
[Serious] If you work for the federal government and are affected by the shutdown, how worried are you about personal finances right now?
What is your opinion on the topic of homosexuality?
Reddit- How do you deal with late night flashbacks to embarrassing moments that cause savage, debilitating cringe?
What was something you loved to do as a kid but dread doing now?
Which YouTuber(s) deserve more views/ subscribers than they currently have?
What is something you find tedious but really isn't much effort at all?
How do you stay asleep throughout the night?
Hey guys what are some good housewarming gifts you gifted to your friends ?
What’s an inside prank/joke your family has?
What unknown, plausible technology will we not see in our lifetime?
What advice would you give to a teenager?
Which actor or actress did/do you have a crush on?
In what ways will the average American be affected by the US Government shutdown?
At what age did you start getting tired earlier and not be able to stay up late?
Need to lay this to rest. Who does the best version of Leonard cohen’s Hallelujah?
What are some of the most beautiful/fun places on Earth that are not widely known?
What’s the story of the time you discovered someone’s music and instantly became a fan?
What is a medical term you made up and what does it mean?
What would you consider the most famous urban legend?
What has been the most satisfying event in your life?
Non-americans. What one thing would you want us to hear?
How do you feel that the United States government is now officially shut down ?
How do you feel about homosexuals?
How do you cope with loneliness?
What's the kindest approach you want to do more?
What are you surprisingly bad at considering your profession, hobby, education, etc?
For those of you who have crossed paths with someone who later killed another person, did you notice anything off about them?
What's the most viscerally disturbing scene in a movie ever?
Gamers of Reddit, who is the most annoying NPC you ever had to deal with?
Have you ever made a completely impulsive but life changing decision, and if so, how did it change your life?
What are some good answers to common interview questions?
You go to reddit.com and see that it has inexplicably shut down. No explanation was given beforehand. What do you do?
What's something that makes you laugh every time?
If you had to listen to a album on repeat what would it be?
Gimme a sign, what is love?
When did you know it was time to put your pet down?
People who answer phones at emergency rooms, what is the most memorable call you received?
Which songs get better when played on 0.5 speed?
How are you doing today?
If you have ever had a long-term relationship with a sociopath- what was it like?
What job do you feel is either very underpaid or very overpaid?
What's your least favorite part about your hobby?
What kind of people are you afraid of?
What movie(s) will end up with the most Oscar nominations or wins?
What's something that you felt you were 100% correct about, but then realized you were wrong?
What can we now get away with while the federal government is shutdown?
What is the best fart story you know?
What will it take for someone to truly disrupt the new car sales model and eliminate dealerships/salespeople and bring pricing transparency like other consumer products?
People who have ghosted other people, what happened?
What are some good text-focused subreddits to read when you're low on data?
What are some things that your parents made you do that you hated when you were doing it but are grateful for now?
What is your favorite animal?
What lessons in history is still applicable today?
What double standards do you see on reddit?
How much of a raise is customary to ask for, and how do you successfully negotiate it?
What is something you consistently forget about?
What odd drunk behaviour do you have?
Besides Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark, what were your favourite books growing up?
Before making a telephone call, do you rehearse what you are going to say? Why?
What did you think you would grow out of but haven’t?
Australians of Reddit, what are some food and dishes that you make that would make a foreigner go crazy?
How did you get over procrastinating on your school work?
What makes some people gravitate towards salt and others sugar?
A couple of masked individuals enter your home, but they don't know you're home. What do you do?
What’s your best LPT for screwing off at work without getting caught?
Women of Reddit who work at Hooters, Tilted Kilt, or similar restaurants - what is your work experience like?
What song is made better when listening to it on headphones?
How long does it take to feel “normal” after a stomach virus?
What seems highly unlikely now?
What is the earliest memory you have?
Where is your happy place?
What TV or movie character do you relate to most and why?
What was your meet the parents experience?
First Responders of Reddit, what’s the weirdest call you ever responded to?
What is classed as offensive and rude in any culture?
Do you like football (soccer) and what to team do you support?
Without resorting to exaggeration or vague terms like awesome how would you describe the flavor of your favorite food or drink?
What's the most incriminating information on your Reddit history and what would happen if it got out?
Zoo Keepers of reddit, what are your least favorite animals (excluding humans) to work with?
(Serious) What are some great ways to make some extra cash on the side?
What is an example where there was an incredibly amicable breakup and the couple remained on really good terms?
Call center operators what's your most memorable experience?
What things about a person scream "I'm a douche."?
Whats the worst moral dilemma you've had and what did you do about it?
Which point in history would you most NOT like to visit, and why?
Redditors who live or have lived in a very Asian neighbourhood, did you face any difficulty getting a place to live?
Why are Republicans complaining about the government shutdown when they caused one in 2013?
Why did you choose to have children?
What are some interesting places on earth with very little light pollution to take long exposure star photos?
What happened to vine?
SERIOUS: Survivors of terror attacks, what's your story and how are you coping?
Hey Reddit, what are your stat rolls? (Lets go with the S.P.E.C.I.A.L. system) Got any passives?
Quora question: What made you smile today?
British people, which version of The Office do you prefer?
Who’s your favorite NFL team?
What book would you recommend for a college student?
What's your mentality, when you didn't get internet for a single day?
Why did you, or currently, cheat?
What are the similarities between Australia and USA?
Your neighbor makes too much noise, listens to alot of loud movies and music. Hes also a cop. What do you do?
What happens after we die?
If you were given $50k to start a business, what would you start?
If you knew you were going to die tomorrow, what would you do today?
People who have had family or friends die in movies... What was it like seeing them die on screen?
How many keys do you have on your keyring?
What are some of the best Urban Dictionary entries?
(NSFW) Which porn stars actually look like Ivanka Trump?
The planet is taken over by ants. What do you do to stay on their good side?
When is renting better than buying?
What are some good names for a podcast that relates to 3 women and alcohol?
What TV series are you in right now?
People who have facial tattoos how often do you regret it? [Serious]
What do you miss about high school?
If you were in charge of a musical purge, what genre would you eliminate and why?
what takes most of your time in your everyday life?
What are the highest paying jobs per hour and why?
You come across an old lady and baby drowning in a pool, but you can only save one. Who do you save, and why?
Now that there's no government, what rules are you breaking today?
What happened the last time you lost your temper?
How does one become a good poker player? Like being real good at math?
What have you learned from a life of crime that society is oblivious about?
What always happens a lot on TV, but hardly ever in real life?
Marvel comic readers, where to begin if someone wants to read Marvel Comics but they are only familiar to MCU?
What is your family's darkest secret?
How was your day?
What are the biggest pain points you experience between filling a prescription and taking the medication?
Why are you so clever?
People who eat the exact same thing everyday, what is it and why?
You live by the minimum wage and you want to travel out the country once in a while, where should you go to make your money bigger?
Who is at the top of your to-kill list?
Veterinarians of Reddit, what is the weirdest/downright funniest case you've worked on?
Redditors from Spain, what's the situation like regarding Catalonia now that some time has passed?
If there were an issue in the world that Reddit ended up solving what would it be?
What's the closest you've ever come to death? How did it change you?
What was your senior class prank?
You just learned your punishment in hell: selling cookies for eternity as an all-American Girl Scout. How do you react to the news?
What's the most suspicious food you've eaten out of lack of options that turned out to be quite good?
Why should a person use APY instead of interest rate when comparing savings accounts?
Besides their bitter and humiliating defeat by North Korea in the Korean War, what can register as the the most shameful moment of US history?
What is the all time greatest arcade game you have played?
What can we legitimately expect to happen at the end of Robert Mueller's investigation?
Parents of Reddit, what’s the worst thing you’ve caught your kids doing and what was their punishment?
[serious] Vegans/vegetarians of reddit. Are you ever tempted by any meats and if so which ones?
[Serious]People who know neckbeards/nice guys and their families, what parenting style/other interesting family dynamic have you noticed?
What's it like having a deaf SO?
So /r/askreddit, What are you addicted to which is not smoking, alcohol or drugs?
Reddit, what was the most expensive thing you ever wasted your money on?
